Support Azure Workload Identity (#1048)
fluxcd/source-controller: docs/spec/v1beta2/ocirepositories.md

and by extension gain access to ACR.

##### Kubelet Managed Identity

When the kubelet managed identity has access to ACR, source-controller running
on it will also have access to ACR.

##### Workload Identity

When using Workload Identity to enable access to ACR, add the following patch to
your bootstrap repository, in the `flux-system/kustomization.yaml` file:

```yaml
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization
resources:
  - gotk-components.yaml
  - gotk-sync.yaml
patches:
  - patch: |-
      apiVersion: v1
      kind: ServiceAccount
      metadata:
        name: source-controller
        namespace: flux-system
        annotations:
          azure.workload.identity/client-id: <AZURE_CLIENT_ID>
        labels:
          azure.workload.identity/use: "true"
  - patch: |-
      apiVersion: apps/v1
      kind: Deployment
      metadata:
        name: source-controller
        namespace: flux-system
        labels:
          azure.workload.identity/use: "true"
      spec:
        template:
          metadata:
            labels:
              azure.workload.identity/use: "true"
```

> To use Workload Identity, you would have to install the Workload Identity

Reviewer: Same applies here as comment above.

mutating webhook and create an identity that has access to ACR. Next, establish 

> a federated identity between the source-controller Service Account and the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a federated identity between the source-controller ServiceAccount and the 
```
